# Classic Calculator
It's a simple calculator giving a feel of using an old school physical calculator device.

## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [License](#license)

## Description
The solution consists of 3 projects:
- ClassicCalculator - a class library containing all the busines logic of the calculator that is shared by the applications
- ClassicCalculatorBlazorApp - a Blazor SPA web calculator application
- ClassicCalculatorWpfApp - a WPF desktop calculator application

The business logic is completely decoupled from the presentation layer provided by the applications. Any new application (e.g. a mobile app) can just reuse the existing logic. Also, the logic implementation could be easily replaced as long as an alternative adheres to the same interface.

Unfortunately the project requires more work to make the results always correct, e.g.:
- It doesn't support big numbers both in terms of calculations and display
- It is prone to numerical problems

## Features
Both applications provide the functionality of a simple calculator with a display showing just one number and the following buttons:
- Digits
- Decimal point
- Toggle sign
- Add
- Subtract
- Multiply
- Divide
- Calculate
- Percent
- Sqaure root
- Clear

The behaviour follows quite closely my own physical calculator device.

Missing functionality:
- Memory features (M+, M-, etc.)
- CE (clear last entry)
- Other features of more advanced calculators

## Purpose
This project was started to experiment with prompt engineering using GitHub Copilot.

While initially it seemed that it can be written entirely just by providing prompts and copying or accepting the generated code, it quickly turned up that the most complicated part which is the calculator state machine was very messy, unreadable and actually didn't work that well. I ended up writing that part manually to create a better quality code and to actually understand how it works. Still, many parts of the code were generated by the Copilot with satisfying results, for example the layout and styling of graphical elements.

Conclusions? Generative AI is a powerful tool and it can surely speed up the development and change the way we write code but it needs to be guided for more complicated tasks... Hopefully, it's a long way before it can replace the developers entirely :)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

